{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green137\blue204;\red24\green24\blue24;\red193\green193\blue193;
\red85\green129\blue224;\red194\green126\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33725\c61176\c83922;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;
\cssrgb\c40392\c58824\c90196;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # Time Series Forecasting for Sepsis Prediction Thesis
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This repo provides code for:\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  processing the MIMIC-III dataset (mimic-data-preprocessing)\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  obtaining sentence bert and TF-IDF representations of text (mimic_text_representations.ipynb)\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  training forecast models employing STraTS architecture\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  forecasting laboratory, sentence bert embeddings and TF-IDF representations\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  evaluating forecasts\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Requirements
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## How to use
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### 1) process MIMIC-III Database
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 https://mimic.physionet.org/\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Download the MIMIC database and unzip the files.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### 2) Run \cf6 \strokec6 `mimic_events_icu_generation.py`\cf2 \strokec2  and \cf6 \strokec6 `mimic_preprocessed_data_generation.py`
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This accesses the mimic tables to obtain patient data and text, creates the files 'mimic_iii_events_text.csv', 'mimic_iii_icu_text.csv' and 'mimic_iii_preprocessed_text.pkl'\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### 3) Run \cf6 \strokec6 `mimic_text_representations.ipynb`
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This computes sentence bert embeddings, reduced to 50 dimensions and TF-IDF representations of the text present in mimic_iii_preprocessed_text.pkl and then produces the three datasets used for training:\cb1 \
\
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  'mimic_notext.pkl' contains only laboratory features, preprocessed for STraTS.\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  'mimic_and_tfidf_for_thesis.pkl' contains laboratory features and TF-IDF features obtained in step 2, preprocessed for STraTS. At every given time text was observed, 50 most useful TF-IDF features are added individually. They are named tfidf:X, where X is a number from 0 to 49.\cb1 \
\cb3  \cf5 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  'mimic_and_sbert_for_thesis.pkl' contains laboratory features and sentence bert embeddings obtained in step 2, preprocessed for STraTS. At every given time text was observed, 50 parts of the pca-reduced sentence bert embedding are added individually. They are named sBert:X, where X is a number from 0 to 49.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### 4) Training
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### 5) Forecasting
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 #### 6) Evaluation
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}